          Comments on “Trust, but verify: lessons from a large scale
                test of economics’research reproducibility”
          Summary: I greatly appreciate this paper for many reasons. First, it is latest large scale repro-
          duction exercise of a journal that introduced a data availability policy (DAP) since the seminal
          work done by Dewald et al. (1986), and later by McCullough, McGeary and Harrison (2006), who
          analyzed the resources put online by the Journal of Money, Credit and Banking (JMCB) for the
          years 1996-2003. Here, the authors consider the journals of the AEA, namely the AEJ:AE. This is
          particularly interesting due to (1) the leading position of these journals in our research field and
          (2) since the AER was pioneer as concerned the reproducibility policy (with the JMCB and the
          Journal of Applied Econometrics). Indeed, the AER was the first top-5 economics journal to intro-
          duce a DAP back in 2004 (Bernanke, 2004) followed by the Journal of Political Economy in 2006,
          whereas the Quarterly Journal of Economics was a late adopter in 2016. Second, the authors intro-
          duce a second interesting discussion about the impact of reproducibility about citations and more
          generally on the incentives to do a reproducible research. They obtain two major results. First,
          they found a moderate reproducibility rate of 37.78 % (41.98 % conditional on non-confidential
          data). Second, they show that replicability of papers did not provide a citation bonus. The paper
          is well written and the framework of the reproducibility evaluation is precisely detailed. I bet this
          article that shows that reproducibility does not guarantee citations will be widely cited...
          Other comments:
           1. This paper can be viewed as an assessment of the DAP, with a focus on the DAP of the
            AER. First, I think that it could be useful (i) to define what is a DAP in general and
            (ii) to discuss the DAPs in the landscape of academic journals in economics. Maybe the
            reader should be surprised to learn that although significant made in recent years, economic
            journals with a DAP are still in the minority. Out of a sample of 343 economic journals,
            Hö­er (2017) identifies 158 journals (46%) without any DAP and 49 journals (14%) that
            merely recommend that their authors provide the codes and data on request. Since 2016
            all the top-five journals have a DAP. However, even when they exist, these policies remain
            generally not very coercive and sometimes fall within the realm of communication alone.
            Hö­er (2017) mentions that only 28 journals have a DAP in which the deposit of codes
            and data is mandatory for publication, while the others only recommend the deposit of these
            resources. Why is this important to note? It may imply that the reproducibility rate obtained
            in this study could be considered as a kind of upper limit of the reproducibility rate we would
            obtain on other reviews.
           2. In 2004, Ben Bernanke, then editor-in-chief of the AER defines the journal’s first replication
            policy. This DAP requires authors to deposit codes and data in an open archive, except
                               1
            when confidential data are used. This paper is not the first assessment of the AER’s DAP.
            ? In 2008, the AER launched an audit to assess the quality of the data and code contained
            in its online data archive. To do so, six economics Ph.D. students selected a sample of
            39 empirical articles, out of the 135 published articles subject to the data policy between
            2006 and 2008. The conclusions of this internal audit were published by Glandon (2011)
            who states that “roughly 80 percent of the submissions satisfied the spirit of the AER’s data
            availability policy, which is to make replication and robustness studies possible independently
            of the author(s)”. Indeed, out of the selected 39 articles, 11 are based on proprietary data
            and 20 have the appropriate code and data posted on the journal repository. Considering
            that these 31 papers are “believed to be replicable”, the report concludes that around 80%
            (31 out of 39) of the papers comply with the data policy. The rather optimistic conclusion
            drawn by Glandon is vigorously criticized by McCullough (2018). He notes that nothing
            guarantees that the shared code and data allow duplicating the results of the 20 sample
            papers. Furthermore, the reproducible study itself only concerns a sample of nine papers.
            For five of these papers, the results have been fully reproduced, whereas for the other four, the
            results were only partially reproduced. Thus, for McCullough (2018), the American Economic
            Review archive did not support the publication of reproducible research and, consequently,
            the rules of the archive should have been drastically amended. The current study will close
            this debate about the e¤ectiveness of a standard DAP operated in a top-5 journal, that is only
            based on data and code archive without any control of the resources shared by the authors.
            Areproducibility rate of 37.78 % (or 41.98 %) obtained from a rigorous reproducibility study
            for the top journal in economics, argues for an end to DAP policies only based on archive.
            This is the ultimate argument to generalize the reproducibility assessment of the submitted
            papers and the pre-publication verification of materials provided by authors, as it is done by
            the data editor. Here, the authors should mention the change in reproducibility policy of the
            AEAwiththe appointment of one of the authors as data editor for all the journals operated
            by the Association. Since then, similar positions have been created at Review of Economic
            Studies, Economic Journal, Management Science, etc.
           3. The authors consider a sample of 303 articles. They should explain how they have been
            selected from the population of published articles over the period.
           4. The authors show that the reproducibility does not improve the potential of citations of the
            published articles. I am personally convinced by the argument. But, the authors should
            mention the opposite results obtained in the literature on this point. For instance, Gleditsch
            and Metelits (2003) show that an article for which the original data are made available has
            twice as many citations as an article for which the data are not available. Similarly, Hö­ er
            (2017) shows that the availability of numerical resources increases the visibility of academic
            journals. I think that the authors should insist on the fact that they control for the journal
            quality by comparing papers which have been published in the same paper, which was not
            the case in Gleditsch and Metelits (2003).
           5. I am convinced by the fact that the question to know if the reproducibility increases (or not)
            the academic outcome (citations, future publications, etc.) is important, but the authors
                               2
                should also consider the reverse e¤ect. What are the determinants of reproducibility? Why
                some authors (those of the 37%) spend e¤ort and time to make their work reproducible?
                It could be interesting to propose a binary regression model to explain the probability of
                being reproducible with some individual factors. The database considered here could allow
                to answer to some interesting questions. Is there an e¤ect of the seniority of the authors
                measured by the h-index? Is there an impact of the tenure? Is there a generational e¤ect?
                Is there an impact of working in a top-academic institution?
             Minor comments:
              1. Introduction, page 4: the authors should mention the appointment of data editors in other
                top-5 or top-field journals.
             References
             [1] Bernanke, B. S. (2004). Editorial statement. The American Economic Review, 94 (1), 404–404.
             [2] Glandon, P.J. (2011). Appendix to the report of the Editor: report on the American Economic
               Review data availability compliance project, American Economic Review, 101(3), 696-699.
             [3] Gleditsch N.P., C. Metelits (2003) Posting your data: Will you be scooped or will you be
               famous? International Studies Perspectives 4, 89-97.
             [4] McCullough B.D. (2018) Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? Despite evidence to the contrary,
               the American Economic Review concluded that all was well with its archive. Economics: The
               Open-Access, Open-Assessment E-Journal, 12 (52), 1-13.
                                         3
